How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Before knowing about diff, I go through each and every line and see for some differences.
It is timeconsuming as well as difficult to find errors. With diff, I am able to get to the line
where there is an error and rectify it. I think it will be really useful when I make changes
to code provided by book authors and open source community. It would have been really useful
if i had know about this when I was doing group projects for my computer classes.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Usually when I create program in the middle of the program I come up with new efficient idea that would make my program produce the desired result.
But most of the time this complicates my program, so I usually wish I could go back to the old version.
If it is current version I usually use undo and copy and paste to get desired code. With knowledge
of entire history of file I could easily navigate between different version of the file and
go to a point where I felt the program was good. This is going to save me a lot of time and energy

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google docs does?

In automatic saving we would sometimes do a lot during an hour or very little during an hour. The former case results in difficult to comprehend
change and latter case results in incorrect running of code.
The advantage of automatic saving we would not lose the document if we failed to save the change. 
Depending on the nature of commit, we could look at small related changes
rather than large unrelated changes. It would be easier for other programmers to find whether there is mistake
in our change. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately?
It depends mainly on the end users. Google docs usually have people changing
one document multiple times rather than a group of documents. Whereas Git has 
users who usually change multiple related files at the same time. 



